---
title: Meeting Minutes - August 27, 2015
author: billy
date: 2015-08-27
template: article.jade
---

Notes and minutes from Counterpoint's first meeting.

## Introductions

* **Billy**
  - designer, man labor, hawt sex, teaching, is currently taking da notes
* **Josh**
  - handyman, pro-children, help in any way, woodworking, electronics, 
    mechanical stuffs, 3D printing? 
* **Dylan**
  - media, woodworking, building things, on board with 3D printing, 3D modeling 
    stuffs, Blender classes, was TA in college, media classes, film and 
    Photoshoops. 
* **Gordon**
  - loves the ideology, information security, programming classes, wants to see 
    community growth. 
* **Libby**
  - passed
* **Luke**
  - art teacher, wants to help in any way possible, organize, see community 
    growth, is the facilitator for this meeting
* **Hannah**
  - teacher, pro-children, into having a safe haven for them, social awareness, 
    women and STEM. 

## Announcements and Events

None yet!

## Membership

Everyone is welcome at no cost. Membership is different. It's a commitment. 
Monthly or annual donation. More than a donation, it's constructive. You are 
committing to help us grow. You come to meetings. You are a part of the 
consensus. We will make mistakes.

* Need to figure out membership requirements.
* What are the dues?
* Fixed rate?
* $80 a month?
* Whatever is reasonable.

## Financial Report

```
$0.00 <-- this many dollars
```

## Consensus and Discussion

Consensus? Do-ocracy? If you want something to happen, do it. Just be excellent 
to each other.

### Proposals

* Hannah's Grandfather has a garage full of computers. Old and new. He should 
  be more than happy to donate. Hardware building class?
* Carress(sp?) Feminist Bookstore. Video game production from a feminist 
  standpoint. Hannah has connections there. They do a DIY zine.
* Counterpoint zine? Yes plz.
* Field trip to Freeside, Wonderoot, other hackerspaces in region.
* LAN party setup? LAN PARTIES!!!
* Raspberry Pi Arcade setup. Keep some cabinets in the space.
* Online meeting space? Twitch?
* Luke and Josh to find lawyer for advice on proper incorporation.
* Billy and Hannah will put together some literature - what is Counterpoint?
  - Get people interested in the idea
* A place to meet
  - Library?
  - GA State meeting rooms?
  - Big Frog?
* Oil painting of Bill & Ted
